Update documentation on doxygen (#678)
4C-multiphysics/4C: doc/documentation/doxygen.rst

     */
    enum EnumName
    {
      /**
       * This is a description of the something value of the enum.
       * It can be as detailed as you like.
       */
      something,

      /**
       * Description of another value of the enum.
       */
      something_else,
    }; // end of enum EnumName

Typedefs and Usings
""""""""""""""""""""""

> When documenting a ``using`` declaratin, the syntax is essentially the same as that used for member data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When documenting a ``using`` declaration, the syntax is essentially the same as that used for member data:
```

    /*!
     *  Here's a bit of code
     *  \code{.cpp}
     *   int
     *   main(
     *     int   argc,
     *     char* argv[])
     *   {
     *     std::cout << "Hello World!" << std::endl;
     *   } // end of main()
     *  \endcode
     *  that prints "Hello World!".
     */

> The argument to the ``\code{}`` command is a file extension that'll tell Doxygen what kind of syntax highlighting it should use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The argument to the ``\code{}`` command is a file extension that will tell Doxygen what kind of syntax highlighting it should use.
```
